personal info:
name: Lukun
age: 36
e-mail: yimng@me.com
url: http://github.com/yimng

professional objectives
    I thrive on tackling diversified high technology challenges that involve creativity and problem solving. I have got a fast learning abilities and I have an extensive experience of java, c#, CentOS and xenserver. I seek a posision as a expert software engineer in a progressive company that will fulfil my eagerness to extend my experience and knowledge.

skills
    Programming:
        Strong skill in java, C#. Developed lot of project with java. Skilled in bash; working-level knowledge of OCaml, javascript; Good knowledge of a number of other interpreted languages(python, perl...); past experiences in  object oriented development (Java, C#) and distributed programming (javascript, python, OCaml, bash).
		Experienced with latest javascript framework such as reach, redux, and server end javascript nodejs. Familiar with python framwork Django and using it to develop the freenas app.

Operating System:
    Using CentOS as the development enviroment and skilled with the tool-kit on it(such as git, svn, vim, make) and familiar with FreeBSD.

Networks:
    work-level knowledge of iternale protocols(ethernet, IP (v4), UDP, TCP, SCTP and many application level ones HTTP, SSL, IMAP...).

Tools:
    Skilled use Vim, git, svn, rpm, make, mysql. Mastering the CentOS toolchest(base, administrator and development).

General skills:
    Fast learning, strong ability to analysing code and grab the design. Creative in approach to problem solving. Strong physics and maths backgroud.

Languages:
    Mandarin: mother tongue,
    English: basic listening, speaking; trained reading and writing.

Experience:
    2013-current: Halsign Corporation. 
    1. Implement and maintain the company's product called vGate, mainly involve in the xen api devepment. (vGate is base on opensource xenserver, which toolstack call xapi is most written in OCaml, I maintains xen api's patch and upgrade and other things such as new function implement). The Xen API on github: https://github.com/xapi-project/xen-api
	
    2. Re-development freenas which is a NAS system with UI. (freenas is an opensource and I mainly re-design the UI of freenas which is base the MVC framework Django). The FreeNAS on github: https://github.com/freenas/freenas
	
    3. Design implement and maintain the vGate Console which is base on opensource xenadmin. I am responsible for the function and bugfix. The vGate console is written in C#. The XenAdmin on github: https://github.com/xenserver/xenadmin
    Build and maintain an auto-build system for vGate Console base on cruisecontrol.
	
    4. Familiar with the Anaconda which is the installer of CentOS. re-design the Anaconda to adapt to the vGate installition.
    Very experience with Citrix's xenserver.
	
	5. Develop the XO which is a BS application and used to manage the vGate most for back and restore. The XO on gibhub: https://github.com/vatesfr/xo-server
	https://github.com/vatesfr/xo-web


Education
    2002 - 2006
    Study in Beijing Institute of Technology as physics major.

Interest:
    Sports  swimming, hiking, badminton.
    Leisure activities  music, Pingpong, film, go, cooking and family life.
